### Summary

1. Farmland is a form of real estate investment that yields cash flow by
producing commodities and has attractive qualities to investors worried
about inflation and loss of purchasing power of fiat currencies.

2. The demand for farmland exceeds the supply, with the need for food being
permanent and growing due to population expansion and people wanting higher
quality food or more dense food.

3. Farmland is a commercial real estate asset class that has outperformed
other asset classes over decades, beats inflation over time, and can deliver
an impact on the environment, food, and create a sustainable presence for
humanity in agriculture.

4. The value of farmland is based on the crops grown on it, with organic
farming increasing crop values and adding value to land. Farmland LP has
demonstrated this by buying farmland that generates commodity rents of $300
an acer, taking it through a three-year organic conversion process, and then
getting rents of $750 an acer.

5. The amount of farmland is shrinking due to buildings encroaching into
the farmland area, loss due to water issues, soil degradation, and other
things. This trend is expected to continue as population grows and people
switch from a vegetable and grain diet to a meat diet, which requires more
grain per pound of calorie in that meat.

6. Farmland LP has a 10-person fund management team and a 45-person farm
management team, managing over 15,000 acres. They lease out two-thirds of
the farmland and farm themselves about a third of it, actively practicing
sustainable agriculture at scale.

7. Farmland LP is one of the largest farmland managers in the US, focused on
organic and regenerative agriculture, with a mission to create a sustainable
presence for humanity and agriculture.
