### Summary

1. The speaker is concerned about market valuations over the next 10 years,
as they believe returns will be close to zero due to high valuations and
limited earnings growth potential. They also mention that investors have
already had two years of a zero rate of return, which means they have not
made any progress towards their financial goals.

2. The speaker mentions that the market has been consolidating for over a
month, which is bullish as it burns off any remaining overbought conditions
and gives the market more room to run higher. However, they also note that
there are still sell signals in place and the market is still overbought on
some indicators.

3. The speaker believes that the magnificent seven stocks (Google, Meta,
Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Tesla, and Nvidia) have been driving the market's
momentum, but this trend may not continue as there are concerns about earnings
growth potential for these companies. They also mention that small caps and
international markets have underperformed this year, which is disappointing
as they were expected to outperform based on valuations.

4. The speaker notes that corporate buybacks will resume in two weeks,
which could provide support for asset prices. However, they caution that
the market's upside potential may be limited due to overbought conditions
and negative sentiment. They also mention that there are concerns about
earnings growth potential for the broader market.

5. The speaker mentions that there is a conference coming up featuring Greg
Valliere talking about presidential election cycles and their impact on
markets. They note that this event will not be recorded due to copyright
issues, so attendees must attend in person.

6. The speaker notes that they are still alive after the cold snap hitting
Texas, which caused store shelves to be emptied of essential items such as
sweet tea. They also mention that there were plenty of fake meat options
available in the vegan section of stores, while real meat was sold out.
