### Summary

1. David Stockman is a former Congressman, economic policy maker, financier,
and author who has been an insider in both Washington D.C. and Wall Street
for his extremely long and accomplished career. He represented Southern
Michigan in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1976 to 1981, served as the
director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Reagan administration,
and was the youngest cabinet member of the 20th century.

2. Stockman has a detailed understanding of how we ended up in our current
economic environment due to his long career in politics and finance. He
believes that we are at a fiscal and monetary dead end, with public debt
having grown exponentially over the past half-century while the economy has
not kept pace. This is unsustainable and will lead to a reckoning.

3. Stockman predicts an inflationary blow off in financial markets due
to speculative bubbles driven by low interest rates that are unlikely to
continue for much longer. He believes that the market is mispriced for
interest rates, with the 10-year benchmark trading at levels that do not
compute given current economic conditions.

4. Stockman also predicts a slowdown in Main Street due to households
having built up an unusual amount of cash during the pandemic and lockdowns,
which has provided a delayed stimulus effect. However, this excess cash is
slowly being worked down, and once it is used up or substantially reduced,
household behavior will change significantly.

5. Stockman believes that we are in for a long slog in terms of economic
growth due to the massive amount of debt carried by households, businesses,
and governments. He predicts higher interest rates as this debt rolls over
into higher yields, which will impact both earnings and valuation multiples
negatively. This could lead to a significant market correction or even a recession.
