### Summary

1. The panelists discussed the future of money and what it means to them,
including the definition of money itself. Jim Rickards argued that money is
not as obvious as people think and gave examples such as bank deposits being
considered debt by banks, the Federal Reserve having multiple definitions
of money, and Bitcoin being more like a casino chip than actual currency.

2. The panelists discussed their outlook for the US dollar in both the near
term (next year or so) and long term, as well as its relative performance
versus other major world currencies and its purchasing power. Lyn Alden
predicted that the Treasury will focus on strengthening or weakening the
dollar depending on their goals, while Danielle DiMartino Booth argued that
the US dollar is the most attractive horse in the glue factory but that it
may not stay open for long due to factors such as other countries pricing
their sovereign debt in dollars.

3. The panelists discussed the potential for a "decade of roller coasters"
where central banks will have to intervene with larger and larger rescue
efforts after each bust, leading to higher costs of capital and dragging down
asset prices. Jim Rickards argued that this cycle is driven by psychological
factors such as velocity and expectations of inflation rather than the money
supply itself.

4. The panelists discussed their long-term inflation outlooks, with
Jim Rickards arguing that the Federal Reserve is irrelevant in terms of
causing inflation and that it is instead driven by velocity and behavioral
aspects. He also discussed the difference between demand side inflation
(driven by expectations of higher prices) and supply side inflation (driven
by disruptions to the supply chain).

5. The panelists discussed the potential for a recession in 2024, with
Danielle DiMartino Booth arguing that it is already happening due to
factors such as the end of stimulus measures and the cessation of final
forbearance measures on mortgages. She also pointed out that the National
Bureau of Economic Research has not yet called a recession despite negative
GDP growth in the first two quarters of 2022.

6. The panelists discussed what kind of monetary system they would put in place
if they were in charge, with Lyn Alden arguing for a bottom-up approach where
money emerges naturally rather than being imposed top-down by governments or
central banks. She also mentioned the potential for open source monies such
as Bitcoin and stablecoins to emerge as alternatives to traditional currencies.

7. The panelists recommended books on money, including SPQR by Mary Beard
(recommended by Jim Rickards), Layered Money by Nick Batia (recommended by
Russ Gray and Lyn Alden), Central Banking 101 by Joseph Wang (recommended by
Lyn Alden), and Lord of Finance by Liaquat Ahamed (recommended by Danielle
DiMartino Booth).
