### Summary

1. Bren Johnson believes debt matters and will eventually need to be paid
off, leading to a global crisis where the world is dramatically short on US
dollars. This will cause a scramble to get them to pay debts off.

2. The dollar milkshake theory is a framework that explains how this
sovereign debt and currency crisis will play out. It suggests that despite
all of its problems, the United States has several advantages over other
countries which will drive capital into the US dollar. This will cause the
dollar to surge higher, US-based assets to outperform the rest of the world,
and a deprivation of US dollar liquidity for the rest of the world.

3. The name "dollar milkshake theory" comes from the movie There Will Be
Blood where Daniel Day Lewis played a very ruthless oil executive who said
he would drink his competitor's milkshake. In this case, it refers to the
United States drinking up all the liquidity of other countries.

4. The US has several advantages over other countries including being the
world reserve currency and having the eurodollar system which creates demand
for dollars outside of the US. Additionally, the petrodollar is still the
vast majority of transactions in oil, although there are some challenges to
this. Derivative market demand also exists for the US dollar.

5. Bren Johnson believes that the Fed will not be able to provide enough
liquidity to keep control and prevent a surge in the dollar. This would lead
to equity markets going up, commodity markets rising, governments continuing
to function as they typically have, and the system perpetuating itself with
even more debt. However, this just kicks the can down the road for another
debt crisis in two or three years.

6. Matt Piepenburg agrees that there is a global sovereign debt currency
crisis but disagrees on some points. He believes that the Fed will not
allow the dollar to get too strong because it would hurt the US economy and
cause problems with trade deficits, paying for its own debt, and avoiding
default. Instead, he thinks the Fed will create immense liquidity through
quantitative easing or other means to keep the dollar weak enough to avoid
these issues.

7. Both Bren Johnson and Matt Piepenburg agree that gold is a supreme
currency that can go up even when the US dollar does well. They also both
see challenges with the petrodollar system, although it remains dominant
for now. Additionally, they both acknowledge the power of the SWIFT payment
system which gives the US immense control over global finance.
