### Summary

1. Darius Dale is an expert in macroeconomics and world geopolitics who
accurately predicted market trends in 2023. He attributes his success to
his risk management systems that are quantitative in nature and proven to
keep him on the right side of market risk.

2. According to Darius, we are currently in a Goldilocks top-down market
regime, which is being supported by a rising probability of a soft landing
in the US economy and green shoots in places like China and Europe. This
regime is characterized by gross accelerating and inflation decelerating,
which is ideal for most asset markets.

3. Darius' global macro risk matrix, a sophisticated quantitative tool used
to identify what regime the market thinks we are in, has been pricing in
Goldilocks for about five weeks now. The model suggests that this regime
should persist at least over the next three months and perhaps longer due
to some fundamental research signals.

4. Darius is as bullish as he can possibly be on the markets right now,
with his risk management systems indicating a bullish outlook for stocks,
bonds, crypto, and a bearish outlook for the US dollar. He attributes this
optimism to rising liquidity both domestically and globally, which has been
trending higher since late October/mid-November 2023.

5. Darius' victory lap in 2023 was due to his ability to call the market
accurately, including predicting a summertime swoon that would prove to be
a bear trap and lead to a violent rally on the other side of it. He also
correctly predicted that stocks could perform much better at the end of the
year than they were expecting, with the party getting craziest right before
the police show up.
